Update changelog for version v0.15.2 (#5652)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/changelog.md

weight: 35
---

## [v0.15.2](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/releases/tag/v0.15.2)

### Supported OS version details
|              | vSphere | Baremetal |  Nutanix | Cloudstack | Snow  |
|    :---:     |  :---:  |   :---:   |   :---:  |    :---:   | :---: |
| Ubuntu       | 20.04	 | 20.04     |	20.04             | Not supported	     | 20.04 |  
| Bottlerocket | 1.13.1  | 1.13.1    |  Not supported     | Not supported	     | Not supported   |
| RHEL         | 8.7	   | 8.7	     |  Not supported     | 8.7	               | Not supported   |

### Added
- Support for no-timeouts to more EKS Anywhere operations (#[5565](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/issues/5565))

### Fixed

> - Fix deleting Tinkerbell workload cluster due to incorrect SSH key update during reconciliation (#[5554](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/issues/5554))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the failure to delete a Tinkerbell workload cluster due to an incorrect SSH key update during reconciliation (#[5554](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/issues/5554))
```

| Bottlerocket | 1.13.1  | 1.13.1    |  Not supported     | Not supported	     | Not supported   |
| RHEL         | 8.7	   | 8.7	     |  Not supported     | 8.7	               | Not supported   |

### Added
- Kubernetes 1.26 support

### Upgraded

> - Cilium updated from version `v1.11.10` to version `v1.11.15`

Reviewer 2: Can we add this line in the changelog?

> ### Fixed
> Fix tinkerbell workload cluster reconciliation issue
